DP-14: Update Administration docs (#5854)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/jmx-config-generator/cli.adoc

$ ./jmx-config-generator
----

TIP: When invoked without parameters, the tool's usage and help information is displayed.

> The JMX Configuration Generator uses sub-commands for different configuration generation tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JMX Configuration Generator uses subcommands for different configuration generation tasks.
```
Ugh. I don't like the way that looks, but MS style guide says not to hyphenate words beginning with sub- except in certain circumstances.

> Each of these sub-commands provides different options and parameters.
> The command line tool accepts the following sub-commands:

Author: ```suggestion
Each of these subcommands provides different options and parameters.
The command line tool accepts the following subcommands:
```
